hey how's it going Dave 2d here this is
the 2018 HP omen so when they first came
out with the original omen gaming laptop
in like 2015 i liked it did a good
review on it and then they did two years
like the 2016 version and the 2017
version were just hey I just didn't
recommend him I did reviews on them I
just told people honestly not to buy
them 2018 model kicks ass straight up
this is such a big improvement over the
previous generation that well I'm pretty
excited to do this video okay so the
design of this thing is very ominous
still it's got the red face and the
classic red accents for HP omen but the
design is a little bit different from
1/4 old chassis is a little bit smaller
it's a little bit more compact and
they've redesigned this whole product
the bottom half this laptop has an
aluminum keyboard deck and a plastic
bottom panel both well-made both quite
sturdy but the top half of the laptop
isn't as sturdy it's still well-built
it's just there's a little bit more flex
to the materials and stuff there's just
no aluminum on the top part of it so the
screen has a little bit of flex and I
also don't love the hinges of some
companies do this hinge really poorly
they did an hpf seat and has like
there's no clicking or there's no like
weird tension or anything like that but
we've seen some companies in the past
put hinges close together like this and
they develop some weird play that just
causes the hinge to fail over time I
don't think that's gonna happen on this
one
it just feels actually like a good hinge
okay this whole device isn't an ultra
premium super thin laptop right it's
built pretty well considering the price
but there are a lot of plastic
components and it starts at $800 you get
the base model that's with the i-5 and
in gtx 10:50 but even fully specs out i
think it hits like 11 maybe 1,200
dollars on amazon that's what the gtx
1060 and i feel like that's really
reasonable for what you're getting and i
think the biggest change this year in
terms of the aesthetics is actually the
screen it used to have really thick
bezels and it's no longer a member of
the thick bezels club it's got a nice
and thin top and side bezel the screen
uses a 144 hertz panel excellent for
games and pretty usable for a color
accurate work now this model is running
the gtx 1060 it's not like the fastest
GPU out there but a very respectable
card even right now in 2018 despite this
GPU being a couple years old it still
delivers really
good performance for most triple-a
titles another big change this year is
the thermal performance the 2016 model
and the 2017 model had not great
thermals to the point where I just
didn't recommend those devices 2018
model has significantly improved I'm not
seeing thermal throttling under
benchmarks now the temperatures still
running hotter than I'd like but at
least we're not seeing thermal
throttling that being said I don't love
the fans so for one on Idol this thing
doesn't run silent and that's something
that is important to me not everyone
cares about that stuff but when this
thing's not doing anything if I'm just
like browsing the web I don't like that
I can still hear the fans they're quiet
but it's still audible and that's with
the kind of default profile if you go
for the more aggressive profile it's
even worse the other thing is even when
this thing's running full tilt in games
the fans don't get super loud but I wish
there was more thermal Headroom honestly
if they'd given more granular control
with the fans like being able to just
ramp it up manually I think that would
have solved it alone but yeah the fans
maybe they can fix this with software so
I will say that but in its current state
I wish the fans were a little bit better
the keyboard is pretty good it's
comfortable letting them sones not
individually lit but it's a good layout
and I think most people can get used to
it quickly the trackpad however is
something that I don't like it doesn't
use winners precision drivers I really
wish they did because so many
manufacturers are using Windows
precision drivers nowadays it just feels
like a bit of a miss it's not the
tracking it's more the gestures like
sometimes it won't pick up whatever
you're doing with your gestures and
that's a driver thing port selection
there's a handful of them located on the
back including a funnel of three ports
and you get some usb on the sides as
well as an SD card slot the speakers
they're located on the side like the
bottom side so they're not in the best
position but they sound pretty good
not bass-heavy or anything like that but
considering that this is kind of like
mid tier gaming laptop I'm happy with
the speaker's the internals these are
really easy to get into it's a handful
of Phillips screws and you have access
to both of your drives Ram Wi-Fi card
and you also have your battery so this
battery is a reasonably large 170 watt
hours but I'm not getting amazing
battery life looking at four maybe four
and a half hours it's still respectable
but because this is a relatively compact
15-inch laptop I think a lot of people
are looking at as like a daily driver
they bring to school or for work and for
most people that are doing that you're
going to bring the charger to last the
full day overall thoughts on this device
I really like it it's so much more
improved compared to the 2016 and 2017
models like those ones I did not
recommend this one I highly recommend so
yeah one last thing the mounts that I
used when I was playing games on this
thing was actually the HP omen reactor
mouse so here's the tail this thing was
sent as a demo for me to kind of check
this the whole thing out with and
usually when computer companies or
computer manufacturers make mice they're
not great but I saw this thread on
reddit where a bunch of people were
praising this thing I was like really is
it is it actually legit and it's a
really good Mouse it looks weird if I'm
being honest this is totally not my
design aesthetic but people love the
performance the cables wrapped in this
metal braid which prevents fraying it's
got optima chemical switches and optical
sensor and this height adjustable air
for the back where your palm goes it's a
strange-looking Mouse but the
performance is good I understand why
other people that have picked this up
loved it because it says unconventional
Mouse like HP mice who would ever
thought that it'd be a good Mouse but
it's a good Mouse okay hope you guys
read this video thumbs we liked it subs
have you'd loved it
see you guys next time
you